Loading configuration via config file docs tweaks (#7326)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/config/advanced_config_file.md

# Loading configuration via the file system (advanced)

Some teams require Sourcegraph configuration to be stored in version control as opposed to editing via the Site admin UI.

As of Sourcegraph v3.4+, this is possible for [site configuration](site_config.md), [critical configuration](critical_config.md), [external services configuration](../external_service/index.md), and global settings.

## Benefits

1. Configuration can be checked into version control (e.g., Git).

> 2. Configuration is enforced across the entire instance, and edits cannot be made via the web UI (by default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configuration is enforced across the entire instance, and edits cannot be made via the web UI (by default).
```

## Drawbacks

Loading configuration in this manner has two significant drawbacks:

1. You will no longer be able to save configuration edits through the web UI by default (you can use the web UI as scratch space, though).

> 2. Sourcegraph sometimes performs automatic migrations of configuration when upgrading versions. This process will now be more manual for you (see below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Sourcegraph sometimes performs automatic migrations of configuration when upgrading versions. This process will now be more manual for you (see below).
```

## Critical configuration (management console)

> > NOTE: Sourcegraph 3.11 removed the management console, so all critical configuration is now stored in site configuration. See the [migration Sourcegraph v3.11+ migration notes](../migration/3_11.md) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: Sourcegraph 3.11 removed the management console, so all critical configuration settings are now located in the site configuration. See the [migration Sourcegraph v3.11+ migration notes](../migration/3_11.md) for more information.
```
